Hey
how's it going Dave 2d here and this is
obviously a very different looking video
and different sounding video everything
on this thing is being recorded on the
iPhone 8 plus and everyone knows that
the camera on the iPhone 8 plus is
probably one of its best features so I
thought what's the best way to test it
what's the best way to really showcase
what it can do I have decided like an
idiot to get shot by a people
potentially multiple people is coming on
how harder hurts and I have my friend
here James he's gonna suit up we're
gonna just here's the thing I'm not
wearing much protective gear if anything
I'm wearing a mask because it's probably
legal I'm wearing a headband so I don't
get like welts on my head that's it I'm
gonna wear a sweatshirt but no like
literal protective gear I have to be
honest I'm very uncomfortable at this I
feel like this is gonna hurt I haven't
shot many times by paintballs before but
not at this distance and certainly not
with like any kind of motion every
single ball that comes out of this
marker is gonna Pelt me it's gonna hurt
alright ready if you got it you got to
get it like right this feels so
comfortable okay wait wait wait you're
pretty sure you can hit it as good as I
can be with a paintball gun man okay
ready okay
[Music]
okay
all that lit up we're okay the hell
bruise that's pretty good aim
alright thumbs you liked it substitute
loved it
see you guys next time that was easy man
[Music]